PREVIOUSLY ON "WEEDS"...
Nancy: YOUR TRIMMINGS.
I'LL TAKE 'EM.
I'M THINKING $100
BUYS ME A LOT.
WE'RE MAKING HASH.
THIS IS
A DRIVER'S LICENSE,
SO YOU SHOULD PROBABLY
LEARN TO DRIVE NOW.
GO GET HER. GET MY SON.
SHANE!
THE FUCKERS GOT ME.
WHERE'S MY SON?
Andy: NEW RULES.
NUMBER ONE ‐‐
KEEP MOVING.
THIS FAMILY
NEEDS SOME FUN.
Silas: REMIND ME AGAIN
WHERE WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
SLEEPING TONIGHT.
Andy:
WE COULD LIVE HERE.
PLUS, WE NEED TO DUMP
CESAR'S CAR.
WIN THIS.
ON IT.
WE HAVE A WINNER!
STATE LAW REQUIRES US TO
SUBMIT SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS.
HE DOESN'T HAVE
A SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER.
[ DOG BARKING ]
‐‐ Captions by VITAC ‐‐
www.vitac.com
I DREW UP HER WILL.
I‐I‐I‐I WAS SIMPLY HER LAWYER
FOR PERSONAL MATTERS
AND ‐‐ AND
PERSONAL MATTERS ONLY.
YES, I MEAN, I‐I‐I DID HANDLE
ONE LEGAL MATTER FOR HER,
R‐REGARDING A BAKERY
THAT SHE OWNED, YEAH, OKAY,
WHICH UNFORTUNATELY
LATER BURNED TO THE GROUND.
Y‐Y‐YES, I ALSO HELPED HER
WITH THE INSURANCE COMPANY
WHEN THEY ‐‐
THEY WEREN'T PAYING
ON THE SETTLEMENT OF HER HOUSE,
WHICH ALSO UNFORTUNATELY
BURNED TO THE GROUND.
BUT THAT IS IT.
THAT IS ALL I DID.
O‐OKAY, YES, I ALSO
REPRESENTED HER WHEN THE D. E. A.
CALLED HER IN FOR QUESTIONING
ABOUT THE TUNNEL.
OR MAYBE IT WAS GANG
AFFILIATION. I DON'T REMEMBER.
INVOICES? NO, I DON'T HAVE
ANY INVOICES FROM HER,
BECAUSE SHE PAID ME CASH.
ONCE.SHE PAID ME CASH ONCE.
OH, NO, NO, NO,
I'M TELLING YOU THE TRUTH.
NO, ABSOLUTELY, THIS IS ‐‐
IT'S THE TRUTH.
I JUST ‐‐ I HAD THAI FOOD
FOR LUNCH. IT WAS VERY SPICY.
AND ‐‐ AND ‐‐ AND ‐‐ AND ‐‐
AND THAT'S WHY I'M ALL SWEATY.
IT'S JUST A ‐‐
IT'S THE SPICE.
I'M, UH ‐‐
YOU KNOW, I'M JEWISH.
SO, WE DON'T DO WELL
WITH THE SPICE SOMETIMES.
PASTOR JIM'S TV'S
BACK THERE.
HE HAD SPEAKERS
INSTALLED.
THERE'S PLENTY OF STORAGE.
AND THOSE WOULD BE HIS.
ALL INCLUDED
WITH THE PRICE.
GREAT.
SO, IT RUNS OKAY?
OH, YEAH, OF COURSE.
HE DIDN'T WANT
TO GET STRANDED OUT THERE
DURING ONE OF HIS...
MISSIONS.
OOH!
NICE MIRROR
ON THE CEILING.
WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE HOOKS?
HE PUT IN A SWING,
RIGHT BEFORE HIS ARREST.
EMBEZZLEMENT.
BEEN THERE.
WOULD YOU CONSIDER
A LOWER OFFER?
I'D CONSIDER ANYTHING THAT
GETS IT OUT OF MY LIFE.
NANCE.
SOLD.
WHEN DO WE GET IT
PAINTED?
OH, I'M THINKING WE BUY
SOME CANS OF SPRAY PAINT
ON THE WAY OUT OF TOWN.
JUST FLAT BLACK.
NICE.
WELL, I'M GONNA FINISH UP.
I'LL LEAD IN THE GODMOBILE.
YOU FOLLOW.
ARE YOU GETTING RID
OF CESAR'S CAR?
YES.
CAN I HAVE IT?
NO.
WELL, A LOT OF KIDS GET CARS
WHEN THEY GET THEIR LICENSE.
THE CAR IS STOLEN,
AND YOUR LICENSE IS FAKE.
BUT I KNOW HOW TO DRIVE.
SHANE, I SAID NO.
AND BESIDES I'M THINKING
OF SETTING HIS CAR ON FIRE.
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET.
WELL, CAN I DRIVE IT AT LEAST
ONCE BEFORE YOU SET IT ON FIRE?
PLEASE? I GOT KIDNAPPED.
SO, WHEN...
IGNACIO HAD ME
TAKE HIM ON ERRANDS ‐‐
DRY CLEANERS, COSTCO...
A SHAKE
DOWN AT JAMBA JUICE.
WE GONNA SLEEP
IN THAT THING TONIGHT?
TONIGHT AND THE REST
OF OUR LIVES ON THE LAM.
I JUST NEED ONE MORE WASHER.
IF I COULD KEEP THEM GOING
AROUND THE CLOCK,
I COULD PRODUCE
ENOUGH PRODUCT.
SO, HEY.
YOU THINK I'M SMART, RIGHT?
YES, OF COURSE!
SO I PROBABLY DON'T NEED
TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL.
I COULD JUST TEST OUT.
NO.
MAYBE.
YOU KNOW...
IF YOU ASKED ME A WEEK AGO,
I WOULD'VE SAID ABSOLUTELY NOT.
BUT TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH,
HIGH SCHOOL BLOWS.
IT'S OVERRATED, AND YOU'RE NOT
REALLY SUITED TO IT, ANYWAY.
YOU'RE RIGHT ‐‐ WE NEED
AN ALTERNATIVE PLAN,
ONE THAT'S MORE SUITED
TO YOUR PATH.
COOL.
I DON'T WANT TO BE
HOMESCHOOLED, THOUGH.
OH, NO, I THINK
I'VE TRIED THAT.
AND UNFORTUNATELY YOU LEARNED
ALL THE WRONG LESSONS.
[ SIGHS ]
[ GROANS ]
WHOA!
THE MOTHER LODE!
WHAT? WHAT NOW?
"THE BACK DOORS OF ISRAEL"?
"NAIL ME IN THE KIBBUTZ"?
"GAZA BOY STRIPPERS,"
"TELL AVIV I'M GONNA BANG HIM."
BRING 'EM UP, BRING 'EM UP!
GAY ISRAELI PORN.
OH, BOY.
HATS OFF, PASTOR JIM.
HOLD ONE UP.
I'M BETTER‐LOOKING
THAN THAT GUY. AND HIM.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
OH, SHIT!
FLUSH THE DRUGS! GO!
DOUG! FLUSH! EAT! GO!
DRUGS! DRUGS! DRUGS!
NO DRUGS. NO DRUGS!
NO MOM.
AND NO SHANE. OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE CLEAN.
[ SIREN CONTINUES ]
PULL OVER HERE
JUST PAST THE CURVE.
FUCK THAT.
THIS IS OUR SHOT.
WE HAVE EVERYTHING
WE NEED ‐‐
THE BABY AND THE HASH STUFF
IN THE TRUNK...
A FULL TANK OF GAS.
COME ON, THEY'RE HOLDING US
BACK, AND YOU KNOW IT.
YEAH, RIGHT HERE'S GOOD.
MOM, THEY DON'T HAVE
THE BALLS FOR THIS.
BESIDES, WE'RE JUST MAKING
THEIR LIVES MISERABLE.
COME ON. CUT THEM LOOSE.
LET THEM GO HOME.
OKAY, 10 POINTS
FOR CHUTZPAH.
PULL OVER HERE BEFORE I GRAB
THE WHEEL OR YOUR HAIR OR BOTH!
[ SIGHS ]
SIDE DOOR.
EVERYONE LOOK CASUAL.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
OKAY IF I ENTER?
SURE, YES, ABSOLUTELY.
WELCOME. HI.
LICENSE
AND REGISTRATION?
[ CABINET DOOR CLOSES ]
IT'S QUITE A VEHICLE
YOU GOT HERE.
IT'S THE PRAISEWAGON.
"GOD IS AWESOME LOVE!"
EXCLAMATION POINT.
UH, BUMPER STICKER?
TRAVEL BIBLE?
YOU AFFILIATED WITH
A CHURCH AROUND HERE?
NO.
THE LORD HAS BLESSED US...
WITH THE GIFT OF ITINERANCY.
WE ARE RAMBLERS,
FOLLOWING THE TRAIL OF HIS WORK.
GO WHERE WE'RE NEEDED.
AND YOU'RE THE PASTOR.
RANDALL NEWMAN?
I AM. PASTOR RANDY.
ASSISTANT PASTOR TED.
THIS IS BILLY.
PICKED HIM UP HUSTLING
THE STREETS OF SEATTLE.
SHATTERED HUSK OF A BOY.
BUT HE'S COMING BACK,
AREN'T YOU, BILLY?
SURE AM, PASTOR.
I CLOCKED YOU AT 68.
THIS AREA'S 45, MAX.
ENTIRELY MY FAULT.
WRITING A SERMON
IN MY HEAD...
ABOUT THE HARD TIMES WE'RE
FALLING ON IN THIS COUNTRY.
FOLKS GOING BANKRUPT,
PEOPLE LIVING
IN A BAD SPIRITUAL STATE.
GIVING UP HOPE.
DIDN'T KEEP MY EYE
ON THE SPEED.
UH, FORGIVE ME.
CAN I ASK YOU
A QUESTION?
CERTAINLY.
WHAT'S IT MEAN ABOUT...
"TURN THE OTHER CHEEK"?
HMM. HMM.
WELL...
...OUR GOD
IS A FORGIVING GOD.
TO ENGAGE IN RETALIATION
IS NOT TO LIVE IN HIS IMAGE.
WE SHOULD LIVE
AS GENTLE PUPPIES...
FROLICKIN'...
SOFTLY TUMBLIN'
AGAINST EACH OTHER.
PUPPIES.
HMM.
YOU KEEP AN EYE
ON YOUR SPEED.
THANK YOU, BROTHER.
THANK YOU.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
JESUS SAVES.
WELL, THIS IS
INTERESTING.
Andy: YOU SAID
DEEP UNDERGROUND.
WHERE DID YOU HEAR
ABOUT THIS PLACE?
LEGENDARY IN
THE OFF‐GRID COMMUNITY.
NO SIGNS FOR IT OUT ON THE ROAD.
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE?
THE LOCALS KEEP TAKING THEM DOWN
SO NO ONE FINDS OUT ABOUT IT.
THIS IS SOME
DEEP OUTLAW SHIT.
IS IT A GHOST TOWN?
NO, IT'S ALL FAKE.
SEE?
THESE ARE JUST FRONTS.
THEY SHOT OLD WESTERNS HERE.
WHAT ABOUT ELECTRICITY
AND RUNNING WATER?
Sugarpop:
MOVING IN OR...
JUST VISITING?
MOVING IN.
SUNRISE LANE'S OPEN.
NUMBER 14. DOWN NEAR ME.
LEFT AFTER
THE "HORSESHOES" SIGN.
I'M SUGARPOP.
WHO'S THE REVEREND?
THAT'D BE ME.
MM.
WELL, IT IS GOOD
TO HAVE YOU, REVEREND.
SOCIAL HOUR'S AT 7:00
AT THE DRY GOODS
AND FEED STORE.
B.Y.O.B.
ALL ARE WELCOME!
WOW.
SUGARPOP'S SOME
DEEP OUTLAW SHIT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
EVERYBODY, COME ON.
UP OFF YOUR ASSES.
PUT THIS CRAP AWAY!
ORGANIZE YOUR NEW HOME!
[ GROANS ]
NOW!
NO WATER, NANCE.
WE'RE DRY.
YEAH, THE SHOWER
DOESN'T WORK, EITHER.
OR THE TOILET.
I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND
OPENING THAT.
DOUG LEFT A GIFT.
THAT WASN'T ME.
YOU HAD
THE MONSTER BURRITO.
YOU HAD THE OATMEAL,
YOU LITTLE PRICK.
WHEN WAS SOMEBODY
GONNA TELL ME THIS?
WE NEED WATER
TO MAKE FORMULA.
GO.
GET ME WATER.
GET ME ANOTHER
WASHING MACHINE.
GET IT DONE! DON'T COME BACK
TILL IT'S FINISHED!
WOW. YOUR MOTHER
REALLY NEEDS TO GET LAID.
WHAT MAKES HER
SO SPECIAL?
WHO AMONG US DOES NOT NEED
TO GET LAID?
YOU DON'T SEE US
GETTING ALL GRUMPY.
WE RULE. SHE SUCKS!
BUT LET'S ‐‐ LET'S GO.
LET'S GO DO HER ANGRY BIDDING
SO SHE DOESN'T HIT US.
WE'LL GIVE HER
SIX MINUTES.
IF SHE'S NOT DONE
BY THEN...
YOU GO IN
AND CLUB HER TO DEATH.
I'LL GRAB THE HOSE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ FUNKY MUSIC PLAYS ]
UGH!
HI THERE.
WE JUST MOVED IN
DOWN THE WAY.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
UH, LOOKS LIKE
YOU GUYS MIGHT KNOW
WHERE I COULD GET A WASHING
MACHINE FOR OUR RIG.
OH, WOW. LOOK AT THAT.
DOES IT WORK?
MM‐HMM.
HOW MUCH YOU WANT
FOR IT?
$200.
INCLUDES DELIVERY.
SOLD.
DIDN'T EVEN TRY TO BARGAIN.
WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?
WHERE'S YOUR JEWISH HALF?
OOH! GOT TO PEE!
[ WATER RUNNING ]
[ WATER STOPS ]
GO, GO, GO, GO,
GO, GO, GO.
[ FAUCET SQUEAKING ]
NANCE?
YOU IN THERE?
OH, MY GOD.
GET IT TOGETHER.
WE GOT COMPANY.
SORRY. OKAY.
[ SIMON GRUNTING ]
UH, RIGHT HERE IS FINE.
[ SNIFFS ]
WEED?
IT'S THE PREVIOUS OWNER.
WE'RE STILL AIRING IT OUT.
I'LL BUY, IF YOU HAVE.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME.
NOT YET, BUT...
HE WAS IN A MUCH BETTER MOOD
WHEN HE USED TO GET HIGH.
I'M SIMON.
NATHALIE.
HEY.
RANDY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
I'M MIKE.
MARVIN!
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
OF YOU BEING HERE?
THIS IS GREAT!
SIMON.
U‐TURN?
UH, THIS IS
MY BROTHER SHAWN.
AND OUR FAMILY
FRIEND TED.
HEY.
Man: SON!
ALL RIGHT, I'LL GET GOING.
YOU GUYS HAVE A GOOD DAY.
SEE YA.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
SORRY, MAN, THEY ALL LOO‐‐
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
WE HAVE A FULL TANK OF WATER.
Doug: HEY, I'M IN THERE
WHEN YOU'RE FINISHED.
WANT SOMETHING DONE?
ASK A BUSY PERSON.
[ BANGING ]
DOUG, WHERE'D YOU GET THE WATER?
[ BANGING CONTINUES ]
YOU PEOPLE GOT
A LITTLE FUCKING CONFUSED!
REALLY? HOW SO?
TAKING MY GRANDMOTHER'S WATER!
THAT WASN'T YOUR WATER!
WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU
ANYWAY?
I'VE NEVER HEARD
OF "GOD IS AWESOME"!
WE MUST'VE MADE A MISTAKE.
I'LL SAY
YOU MADE A MISTAKE!
YOU MADE A BIG MISTAKE!
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
KEITH.
OKAY, KEITH.
WOULD, UM, 10 BUCKS HELP?
I'VE GOT TO GO BACK TO TOWN NOW
TO THE K. O. A. TO REFILL,
AND IT'S 23 MILES AWAY!
UM, HOW ABOUT $20?
$20 IS A LOT OF MONEY
FOR WATER.
YEAH, $20. NO, $40!
FUCKING $50!
KEITH! MY SON!
FORGIVE US!
NO, FUCKING, NO.
WHAT ARE YOU?!
I'M PASTOR RANDY.
THIS IS NATHALIE,
LEADER OF OUR CHOIR.
WELL, GOD HATES ME.
MY GRANDMA SAYS
I'M GOING TO HELL
FOR EVERYTHING
THAT I DID,
SO IF YOU THINK
I'M GONNA LISTEN ‐‐
I'VE JUST REACHED
MY LIMIT...
OF DEEP OUTLAW SHIT,
SO...
GOOD LUCK TO YOU.
AND I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
WALK WITH ME, MY CHILD.
DON'T TOUCH ‐‐
ALL RIGHT.
JUST KEEP THE BAT
IN FRONT OF YOU.
[ COUGHING ]
HE SHOULD HAVE
BEEN BAPTIZED.
IT WAS A MISTAKE I HAVE
REGRETTED MY WHOLE LIFE.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO ADD ON OUR
SPECIAL MOBILE‐HOME BLESSING?
$99. DAY‐OF‐BAPTISM SPECIAL.
NEW CLIENTS ONLY.
ASSISTANT PASTOR TED
WILL COME AND GET YOU
WHEN WE'RE READY.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SMOOCHES ]
♪♪ TOLD ME I WAS A‐LOOKIN' FINE ♪♪
♪♪ AND WONDERED IF ♪♪
♪♪ I'D FOUND A TRUE LOVELY LADY ♪♪
[ SIGHS ]
♪♪ I ACTED DUMB
AND PLAYED IT SLY ♪♪
♪♪ I SAID IT'S JUST... ♪♪
CUSTOMER!
♪♪ I MADE NO MENTION ♪♪
♪♪ OF THIS DREAM I HAVE ♪♪
♪♪ AS HE WALKED AWAY... ♪♪
CUSTOMER TAKING A BEER!
[ SIGHS ]
CUSTOMER LOOKING
FOR BOTTLE OPENER
IN WEIRD, EMPTY,
DISMAL, PODUNK BAR.
♪♪ AND SHOWED YOU HOW I... ♪♪
IT'S RIGHT BEHIND YOU.
ON THE STRING
HANGING ON THE WALL.
♪♪ A GREATER LOVE ♪♪
♪♪ FROM UP ABOVE ♪♪
♪♪ YOU COULDN'T HOPE TO FIND ♪♪
♪♪ OH, DARLIN' ♪♪
♪♪ IF ONLY YOU WERE MINE ♪♪
"NO LADIES AT THE BAR.
TABLE SERVICE
STARTS AT 6PM."
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
MY FATHER'S.
SO LADIES HAVE TO
SIT AT THE TABLES.
MM‐HMM.
YOUR DAD STILL ALIVE?
NOPE.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
TO TAKE THAT DOWN.
NAH.
YOU WANT TO BUY
A LINCOLN TOWN CAR?
NOT MY STYLE.
NO.
YOU DRIVE A PICKUP TRUCK.
10, 15 YEARS OLD.
STILL HAS
A CASSETTE PLAYER.
WITH A ‐‐
A TAPE STUCK IN IT.
♪♪ I WANTED YOU ♪♪
♪♪ JUST TO HAVE A MINUTE ♪♪
COSTUMER EXCUSING
COMPLETE LACK OF SERVICE
AND POURING HERSELF
A SHOT.
♪♪ AS YOU WALKED AWAY ♪♪
♪♪ I WONDERED ♪♪
♪♪ IF I LIVE TO BE 100 ♪♪
♪♪ WILL I FIND A WAY ♪♪
♪♪ TO SHOW YOU ♪♪
♪♪ HOW I FEEL? ♪♪
♪♪ A GREATER LOVE ♪♪
♪♪ FROM UP ABOVE ♪♪
♪♪ YOU COULDN'T... ♪♪
[ THUD ]
[ STOMPING ]
[ CURTAIN SLIDES ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
NO! NOT NOW!
GET DRESSED!
COVER UP THIS SHIT!
COME ON!
THEY'LL BE HERE SOON!
OHH! WHERE'S SILAS?
WENT TO BORROW A POOL.
HEY, CAN I EAT THIS?
NO.
PUT AWAY THE HASH,
GET DRESSED,
GATHER UP ALL THE JESUS CRAP,
AND MEET ME OUTSIDE.
GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!
IT'S ALMOST SHOWTIME!
Silas:
THANKS FOR THE POOL.
EH, MY DAD WON'T MISS IT.
YOU GUYS STAYING A WHILE?
I GUESS.
WHAT HAPPENED?
[ WATER STOPS ]
WITH WHAT?
COME ON, MAN.
NOBODY IS HERE WHO HAS ANYPLACE
BETTER THEY CAN BE.
IT'S PRETTY MUCH
THE END OF THE ROAD.
SO, WHAT HAPPENED
WITH YOU GUYS?
[ SIGHS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
MY DAD...
HE SHOT SOMEBODY.
IT WAS A MISTAKE,
BUT WE CAN'T GO BACK NOW.
THE GUY DIDN'T DIE.
WE WEREN'T SO LUCKY.
SON OF CHRIST, GOD‐UH!
WELCOME INTO HEAVEN HAPPILY
OUR SON KEITH,
CHILD OF THE LORD,
FLOWER OF THE FIELD.
PRAISE HIM!
HELP OUR SON
BE WASHED CLEAN,
WASH HIM OF HIS SINS
LIKE RIVER CURRENTS...
YOUR HOLY WORD
SWOOSHING OVER HIM!
HE IS RISEN, YES!
HALLELUJAH!
AND WASH ANEW!
♪♪ I'M GOIN' DRINKIN'
WITH JESUS ♪♪
I'M SAVED, GRANNY!
I'M SAVED!
OHH!
PRAISE JESUS!
♪♪ NOW THAT I'M HERE,
I GET TO DRINK ALL THE BEER ♪♪
♪♪ 'CAUSE HE LIKES TO MAKE
THE WINE ♪♪
[ ANNOUNCER SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY ON TELEVISION ]
NO SMOKING. STATE LAW.
YEAH...
WOULDN'T WANT TO PISS OFF
THE ONLY OTHER CUSTOMER.
[ ANNOUNCER ON TELEVISION
CONTINUES ]
Psst! Do you mind?
No?
HE DOESN'T MIND.
CLOSING EARLY.
SORRY, THOMAS.
[ TV SHUTS OFF ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR SLAMS, LOCK CLICKS ]
I SAID NO SMOKING.
YOU DON'T LISTEN.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
MM. NO.
I DON'T LISTEN.
DO YOU NEED SOMEONE
TO MAKE YOU?
MM‐HMM.
♪♪ DUH, DUH‐DUH ♪♪
♪♪ DUH‐DUH ♪♪
♪♪ DUH, DUH, DUH‐DUH ♪♪
♪♪ DUH‐DUH‐DUH, DUH ♪♪
♪♪ DUH, DUH ♪♪
♪♪ DUH, DUH, DUH, DUH‐DUH ♪♪
♪♪ WALKING AROUND
THE STREETS TONIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ EVERYTHING'S IN RUINS ♪♪
♪♪ YOU LOOK GOOD
BY SIREN LIGHT ♪♪
♪♪ BABY, WHAT YOU DOIN'? ♪♪
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
♪♪ OH, OH, WHOA, WHOA ♪♪
MY COUSIN
MIGHT WANT THE CAR.
HOW MUCH?
$483.
JESUS!
NAME OF THE LORD IN VAIN.
MNH‐MNH‐MNH.
[ SIGHS ]
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S HIM.
HE HEARD YOU.
IT'S JESUS!
YOU SEE? LOOK!
THE NOSE, THE EYES,
THE MOUTH, THE BEARD.
IT'S A DOOR, DOUG.
YOU'RE WASTED.
Andy: YOU KNOW,
I GOT TO SAY,
I THINK THE HOLY SPIRIT WAS
ACTUALLY MOVING THROUGH ME.
THOSE WORDS THAT I SAID, I DON'T
KNOW WHERE THEY CAME FROM.
MAYBE I AM HIM.
CAPITAL "H."
WHO'S TO SAY?
JESUS WAS A JEW.
DON'T GET THAT DIRTY ‐‐
I HAVE YOU SCHEDULED
FOR A MEMORIAL SERVICE
AT 9:00 IN THE MORNING,
A BABY CHRISTENING
AT 10:15,
AND A REMARRIAGE CEREMONY
AT 2:00
IN FRONT OF THE SALOON.
AND I GOT DOWN PAYMENTS...
FOR ALL OF THEM.
SCORE!
LET'S JUST DO WHAT WE NEED
TO DO HERE AND MOVE ON, OKAY?
I DON'T WANT
TO BE HERE FOREVER.
FINE. ANTSY PANTS.
[ BLUES MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO]
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY.
I DIDN'T GET YOUR NAME.
NO, YOU DIDN'T.
[ SNORING ]
[ THUD ]
[ GROANS ]
[ INHALES DEEPLY,
CLEARS THROAT ]
[ Sleepily ] QUIT MOVING.
YOU'RE SHAKING THE BED.
I LIKE IT HERE.
YOU GOT LAID.
I WANT TO STAY HERE
FOR A WHILE.
EHH!
Woman: WHORE!
PIECE OF SHIT SLUT WHORE!
OHH! THERE YOU ARE!
GOOD MORNING!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HEY! CUT THE CRAP.
DID YOU HAVE
A GOOD NIGHT?
OH, SHIT.
YEAH ‐‐ DID YOU
HAVE A GOOD TIME
FUCKING SOMEONE ELSE'S
HUSBAND, WHORE?!
KIDS.
Boy: DADDY!
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
LET'S GO.
BUT, WAIT, WAIT, AREN'T
YOU GONNA INTRODUCE US?
I'M SPOT.
THIS IS JACK.
SOUND FAMILIAR?
SORRY.
"SORRY"?
DID YOU REALLY JUST
FUCKING SAY THAT TO HER?!
KIDS, GET IN THE TRUCK.
LET'S GO. ROLL UP THE WINDOWS.
GET IN THE TRUCK.
COME ON.
IS THIS THE LOCATION
FOR THE MEMORIAL SERVICE?
OH, FUCK YEAH!
YEAH, LED BY THE WHORE
OF BABYLON!
HUSBAND‐FUCKER!
HEY! WHOA!
HE WASN'T WEARING
A RING!
WHOA, WHOA, OKAY.
OKAY, ENOUGH.
MY BRETHREN, MY FLOCK!
LET'S MEET DOWN THE ROAD A BIT,
SHALL WE?
I'LL BE THERE
IN A MINUTE.
I'M NOT SAVED!
I DID METH TODAY!
I'M SO HIGH!
I FEEL AWFUL!
IT'S GREAT!
YOU'RE LIARS!
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO
CLEAN HIS SOUL!
LIARS!
FAKES!
I WANT MY DAMN MONEY BACK!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
LIARS!
I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
GIVE ME MY MONEY!
COME OUT!
[ SHOUTING CONTINUES ]
WELL, I HOPE
HE WAS WORTH IT.
HE GOT THE JOB DONE.
I WANT TO SEE THOSE WASHERS
GOING 24/7.
THIS FAMILY'S GONNA MAKE HASH.
LOTS OF IT.
WON'T THAT BE NICE?
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER
WHAT WE DID? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER
I GOT NASTY? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER
YOU GOT WILD? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER THAT WE CAME
AND STAYED FOR A WHILE? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER ABOUT US? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER
WHAT WE DID? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER I WAS COOL? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER
YOU WERE HOT? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU SHOW HER
ALL THE THINGS WE USED ♪♪
♪♪ AND HOW TO TIE A KNOT? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YA, DID YA,
DID YA TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YA, DID YA,
DID YA TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YOU TELL HER? ♪♪
♪♪ DID YA, DID YA,
DID YA TELL HER? ♪♪